hello YouTube again and this is a live
demonstrations from the rcs who is
international at alternatives and right
demonstration from the all kind of every
thursday from one o'clock Aaron of you
enjoy that our demonstrations alright so
next one and today I like last week and
we promised that to open the amine and
other events is special package and that
this one is for the treatment first like
my personal I don't first day is coming
very soon so we set a goal to open this
box I could visit you know 10 small room
inside and each room has a special
comment later deleted toys okay so I
open that one and two and in our tree
that we don't counting app to number 10
and this will open on my birthday and
which is the april twentieth and i
believe it's a friday or something and
so same day in a pack and ship show so
we can open and take a look at inside
would be fun alright so we're not open
so that's number three and number four
and let's see what's inside there and
last week last alternative show we got
this items okay as I mean it this way
right you can see that and these small
integers at our doubles helmets a key
chains and a small magnet of the
activities on gigs go alright so that's
very nice one I'm using it okay so let's
take a look here
then you move this one
okay and so this is the one and this is
such a unique clean up up you know a
gift or toy it can be a very good point
suit I'm can be good for for a nice
present for your friends just do to do
the countdowns the party once a year
once a year okay that's a kind of long
way to go and the words to me you will
see you maybe you can open it at once
okay so it's up to you but this is the
something that kind of you know our
event especially then it's recommended
especially for the comment lighter fast
right so uh 12 is open and now today is
still 3 & 0 let's find out okay let me
say a limb fell down my camera
oh yeah
ah
okay and each room has a special our
message or famous line from the common
lighters and this time looks like a
braid is here and he says whatever Lumia
taka taka just a cup thing he said you
know he says it's a famous line from the
braid and I'm going to fight with the
fate and then I will win it okay and
brad says I'm going to fight against the
fate and I i will be the winner he says
okay and let's see what's the winner's
prize oh we know this one okay let me
open this one oh yay Coffee time
well welcome to the dead liner okay
coffee and then edition well it's not
just a coffee you guys know it and this
is the one the famous coffee served if
you get on the den liner by an hour
which are ok I love that coffee all
right mmm have someone some some break